[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2015 horror comedy film
goosebumps so let's get started 16 year
old Zack Cooper and his mother moved
from New York to the town of Madison
Zach befriends a neighbor Hannah and
meets her father mr. shivers
Zach also becomes friends with champ
Hannah take Zach off on an adventure one
night and they are discovered by mr.
shivers who warned Zach to stay away
later Zach here's mr. shivers and Hannah
arguing leading to Zach breaking into
the house with champs health they wander
into the study where they find numerous
goosebump manuscripts all locked up
Zach unlocks one of the books but when
Hannah discovers them Zach drops it and
releases that monster snowman they
pursue the monster and luckily mr.
shivers appears and imprisons it back in
the book on the way home mr. shivers
reveals that he is the goosebump author
RL Stein Stein explains how he created
the stories as a child to terrorize
people that made fun of him but the
monsters came to life and became
uncontrollable so he trapped them in the
manuscripts at home they find an angered
dummy named slappy who burns his own
manuscript and flees with all the books
released for all the other monsters and
chaos ensues Zach and flora Stein to
write a new book that they can trap
every monster but he can only do so with
a supernatural typewriter on display at
the high school on the way there Zach
notices that Hannah glows blue under
moonlight and questions Stein about
whether Hannah knows that she's another
character sign reveals that she is a
character and how he created her to cope
with his loneliness Hannah appears
telling him that they found the
typewriter Stein starts writing a new
story based on the events around them
while slappy releases the rest the
goosebump monsters
slappy confront Stein breaking his
fingers with the typewriter case before
the story is finished a plan is created
to have the monsters chase a school bus
that will explode temporarily destroying
the monsters to give the group more time
to escape
Zach continues to type the story for
Stein who is devoured by a monster ball
Zach finishes the story but is reluctant
to open the book because Hanna will be
sucked inside revealing she knew the
truth about herself all along Hanna
opens the book sucking his slappy and
all the other monsters into it bidding
farewell to Zach with a kiss before she
is sucked in months later Stein reveals
that he wrote Hanna back into existence
with one more book and burns her
manuscript making her permanently real
much to his horror Stein witnesses the
typewriter writing a new goosebumps book
titled The Invisible Boys revenge so
that's the spoilers for goosebumps if
you have another film you'd like to see
me spoil please let me know in the
comments below check out movie's spoiler
alerts on our Instagram for monthly
giveaways and remember to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching